1. home page : hard-coded link to shop (lead to 404 page) - done
2. home page : 4 string blocks : hard-coded link - done
3. footer : copyright to jimonearth.co.uk should be removed - pending
4. footer : copy right 2011 should be changed to 2013 - done (need to put it in deploy script)
5. footer : copyright of Turbo Cache … should be removed - done (backlink ?)
6. navigation bar (home | about | Resource | …) doesn't show current section highlighted. - done
7. resource page : resources page block on left column has hard-coded links. it doesn't show current page highlighted. - done, now support multi languages
8. resource page : how to string a cello - you should add picture to make it easier to understand. - will be carried out by Alex
9. cello news : empty page - you can try to integrate a blog here. (later)
10. left bar : my cart block doesn't have a direct url to checkout page. - done
11. checkout page & new account page : Facebook button is so big. - done 
12. checkout page : store pickup method have no payment method (disable module) - done
13. my account section : there're many redundant component ( i think) - done
14. my wish list : http://rostanvo.com/en/wishlist/ this page fail (remove this page) - done
15. footer : sitemap is empty - generate site map later
16. footer : search term is empty - done 
17. footer : advanced search is empty - done 
18. footer : remove search term & search advanced - done 
19. footer : re-align newsletter box to the right, move clicky below of newsletter box - not really necessary

====
phase 2 : buying usability changes
1. product page:  disable string versions / have all strings default to "medium" - convert al configurable product to simple - do it manually on live
2. main shop page:  change "select string type" button to the "add to cart" button & box (see screenshot) - done
3. Ajax add to cart, mini basket update & my cart url update - pending
4. home page change (1) navigation bar highlights current page user is on (see screenshot) - done
5. home page change (2) addition of price, quantity, "add to cart" box found on the product pages. (see screenshot) - done
6. i'll add related products block to left side bar of product detail page - done
7. fix top navigation menu, convert hard code to good code (so enable magento default function like manage static blocks, categories...) - done 
8. add ajax global messsage - done

feedback
1.I love the the notification, but the colour isn’t right.... - done 
2.The “buy cello strings” button on the right drops off the end of the navigation bar ... - done
3.The link on the banner “Visit our shop now!” is broken.... - done
4.The translation language option has moved into a strange place? - done
5.Remove “QTY”.  I think it’s not really required.... - keeping it is ok, because i built many sites have it
6.Changing the language seems to create problems with the formatting.  Also these buttons seem to move when viewed on a smart phone.  Anyway we can fix them? - yes, if we have responsive design ( support many displays, from computer to ipad, iphone - i can do it)
7.Can you change the backend up and this page,.. - done 
8.One of the duplicates is missing the picture
9.Something strange happening here.  I try select a version (medium), and “buy”, but I still get the “please specify the product’s option”.  Either way, like I said earlier – I don’t want anymore options/versions.  We only have 1 string of each for sale - done
10.I don’t actually see the option to add to cart/buy other strings anywhere.. if you haven’t done this, don’t bother.  I think I have changed my mind.  We don’t want “BUY” on every single page, people might think we are too pushy - done
11.The images are missing on the cart summary - done
12.When you change the language you get a message asking you to select a string type.. - it's ok , message remain from previous page
13.Page link broken - done
=====

phase 3 : new checkout page
1. ok, i will convert it to fixed width - done
2. yes, you can config order of each section in admin - wont fix  
3. which color do you prefer ? color from checkout page or from top navigation bar ? - done
4. ok, i will update - done
5. yes, possible, but will make billing address list longer
6. yes, it can be customized, please provide design for it then i will implement
7. home page button is ok, but how about a white home icon ? - done (rostanvo logo is a background, it's not a good idea to put backlink on checkout form. only 1 link on top is ok)
8. make both cart and checkout link on top link to cart page - done
9 - make sure the "Card Payment" button has capital letters for the first letter of each word.  Ie "Card Payment" and not "Card payment" - done

update :
6 - style adyen - done
10 - If people don't tick the box, can you think of something more obvious rather than the very small error message which magento comes up with - done, added shake animation
11 - Colour the boxes but when you click in the box you get an outline. - done

====
phase 4 : Stage A
1 - update the letters used on the navigation bar to CAPITAL LETTERS ;) Additionally make the background to the navigation bar be cream in colour - done
2 - Just below the navigation bar I want a thin banner with clickable text links to other pages on the site - done 
3 – Shipping will be free for all orders when this development cycle is put into the live site - won't fix, setup in magento admin
4 – On the product page I want to include some artwork to emphasize the guarantee - done , allow config link in backend (configuration>general>content management>Customization>Guarentee block link)
5 – update the text for the 4 strings on the home page - done
6 – include the logo in places which are currently missing any branding - done, favicon updated
7 – as mentioned before ... - will dump db from live site and deploy on test site later
8 - the "previous" & "pay"/"next" buttons are very far apart.  Maybe it would be best to bring everything more centred - done 
9 - once payment is taken, it does not redirect back to the home page. - won't fix, config in adyen backoffice
10 - once payment is taken, it does not redirect back to the home page. - won't fix, config in magento backend

update:
6 – show favicon - done
13 - PayPal & Adyen - need adyen enable paypal
15 - home page button on navigation bar not highlighted when user is on home page.  Please fix.
16 - also unable to go back to "home" from another page by clicking "home"
17 - please remove "calculate shipping & taxes" box on shopping cart screen - done
18 - please remove "Checkout with Multiple Addresses" from the shopping cart - done 
